just the man I don't know what's wrong
with me this is like my 17th time trying
to do this three minute commentary I
don't know what's going on alpha but I
hope it's going good man no matter what
even if I'm having some difficulties
trying to get this over with out it's
going good anyway man I made a mistake
right there I didn't get the capture
points for a which are equivalent to one
kill because when capturing a home base
thing you know your initial flag off the
start of domination is only worth 50
points so it's basically equivalent to
one kill and I just got four of those
right there so you know missing that
capture isn't too much of a big deal you
know it's only 50 points and I think
you'll get by but it does help a little
bit and I'm solo capturing be right here
which is unfortunate because I had three
or four teenage right around me you
didn't want to help me for some reason
and one of them's looking right at me
gets killed by an enemy while he's on a
head glitch and he still couldn't help
me cum cash would be you were just
sitting there for an irrelevant reason
anyway man about this gameplay i'm sure
you can tell by the title this is a 51
kill streak in three minutes right off
the start of the game too which is
pretty unfortunate unfortunately it was
pretty fortunate but unfortunately the
enemy team rage quits on me right before
the second round starts they noticed I'm
like 60 and oh I did manage to go like
60 know but people already start a rage
quitting and it got very slow so I only
showed the parts where i was extremely
fast and i wanted to showcase how good
the swarm is in this gameplay which you
will see later on but i'm using the
killstreaks i'm using all the VTOL
warship the k-9 unit and swarm the
chopper gunner the VTOL warship does
pretty good but it does get shot down
pretty fast i'm up in there for 20
seconds or so but i do manage to get
like eight kills with it and the dogs do
fucking good and the swarm just goes
absolutely nuts man that's why i wanted
to upload this gameplay and because he
knows a 50 want to know really fast
extremely fast but the PERT loadout i'm
using is ghost in hardline reason i use
ghost is to stay off the enemy UAV i'm
using hard line to get my score sheets
faster and i'm using scavenger to
replenish my ammo and also replenish my
c4 and i'm using I think extreme
condition you just like I'm rush longer
for more periods of time longer periods
of time excuse me and the weapon i'm
using is the MSMC which is a really good
submachine gun a lot of people refer to
it as the best but i would much rather
use a vector PDW or mp7 basically any
somebody that has more bullets in the
clip I feel as if is the best submachine
gun I mean it the better time machine
and ice and say but this is a really
good wife and a lot of people think it's
the best you know give it a try for
yourself i'm using fast mags in silencer
on it because I think you need fast mags
on basically every weapon this game
takes way too long to reload with
outside of hand and that's basically it
man for this gameplay I mean it's really
short it's already coming to an end but
if you all enjoyed this video if you
enjoy how crazy my fucking swarm goes
right here I'll leave a like on this
video if we get 1000 likes i'll be sure
to upload another video as soon as this
video hits it and man just look at that
fucking swarm dude this is I wishek I
wish this could happen every game I wish
it could actually happen and the enemy
team not rage quit this shit i just got
depressed I just got the press thinking
about it this could have been like 120
hundred thirty kill game god damn it but
hopefully I'll did enjoyed it and I will
talk to you all next time peace fuck out
youtube
you